Update the game over message (#1)
NankyaElsa/MLSA_Technical_Onboarding: README.md

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 5: Apply suggested changes

_Nicely done suggesting changes! :partying_face:_

Now let's see how easy it is to [apply your suggestion](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request).

### :keyboard: Activity: Apply suggested changes

1. Click **Commit suggestion**.
1. Type a commit message.
1. Click **Commit changes**.

> 1. Wait about 10 seconds to refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.
```

</header>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 4 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
-->

## Step 4: Suggest changes

_Nice work reviewing that pull request :sparkles:_

Now that you have explored the different ways you can review a pull request it is time to learn how to use _suggest changes_.

**What is _suggest changes_?**: This feature enables you to recommend a change to a pull request that the author can commit with the push of a button.

### :keyboard: Activity: Suggest changes

1. On the pull request, click **Files changed**.
1. Find the `index.html` changes.
1. Hover your cursor next to the line numbers on the left side of the page.
1. Click the blue plus icon.
1. After the comment form appears, click the **Add a suggestion** button. <br>
   ![add-a-suggestion-button](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/97056108/184449714-61e8ee51-824a-48c1-9436-2dfd67f2c070.png)
1. Edit the suggestion.
1. Click **Add a single comment**.

> 1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Wait about 10 seconds to refresh this page (the one you're following instructions from). [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions) will automatically update to the next step.
```

1. Click **Merge pull request**.

> 1. Delete the branch `update-game` (optional).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Delete this branch `update-game` (optional).
```
